I must have said lots of things about
Christ before and how Jesus Christ is
created to steal a [ __ ] that he is the
incarnation of Shri Ganesha who was the
son of the Adi Shakti to begin with but
then he was given to stay detached and
shri radha created as Mahalakshmi as
mother Mary this great incarnation of
Christ now for the Western mind it is
impossible to understand how there can
be a Immaculate Conception because they
have no sense at all no sensitive attack
at all to spiritual life we Indians can
understand it it's very easy for Indians
to understand because we had Shri
Ganesha created that way we just believe
it we don't doubt these things whatever
he said about God is not to be doubted
with this limited brain that's not done
in India but in the West from the very
birth of Christ they have had arguments
arguments arguments arguments with this
limited brain they had his purity his
holiness his auspiciousness it's never
understood in the West I think the first
and foremost thing he has said that you
must enter into the kingdom of God that
you must be born again so it's all
mental you are born again you have a
certificate we are born again finished
so this mental attitude of the West is
responsible for killing the great
incarnation of
Christ I think is another crucifixion
mentally you cannot understand
spirituality so as it is there made a
mess of all the great incarnations but
worst is done to Christ and I feel what
a waste it was so we must understand
Christ in the right sense he is the
eternal child he is the innocence itself
he's the source of innocence and he is
the Beast over of all blessings in all
chakras now one has to understand that
how Christ at his miraculous life has
shown so many miracles first of all his
birth was immaculate they are beyond
since their special people they may come
as human beings they may come as angels
they may come as anything they are
divine and we should understand that
this little brain of ours cannot discuss
about them and talk about them but is to
just surrender and worship them
they are much beyond us so for the
Western mind it is important to
understand that the life of Christ was
such a blessing for them that they have
lost it they have wasted it and they
have never understood how to respect it
I had told you long time back that how
we can prove that Christ was Ganesha and
he was the logos he was the what we call
is the Brahma not the first sound
by looking at your left side from the
right side if you see the mooladhara you
will see swastikas because it is made of
carbonate if you see from left to the
right you can see all Ghana and if you
see from down upward
it looks like Alpha and Omega
in those days Christ has said I am the
Alpha and I am the Omega Ganesha is all
right up to a point and then it is
important we must pray to his
incarnation that is Christ he is the
source
he is the potential of Christ all this
falls in the divine plan done with
divine discretion everything was done so
beautifully but as I told you
human beings are good at massacring
anything that is beautiful and that's
how it has happened it's very very sad
we have to decide that he is to be born
within us again in a proper way that
he's the Alpha and the Omega
at that time of his time I didn't know
that anybody knew about these symbols
these symbols also must have come from
unconscious to some of the great
mathematicians in long time and that's
why these symbols are used exactly like
Alpha and Omega you see him clearly it
is so clear-cut now in surgeon we can
prove so many things all tangible how
Christ used to cure people what did he
do
it's all tangible we can prove it now in
search of how it works how these powers
work but we have to first of all cleanse
our lives we have to lead a very honest
powerful and pure
so the first thing of Ganesha is that
wisdom and that wisdom we see in the
life of Christ from the very beginning
it was so confident of it that at the
age of 12 years he went and talked to
these FARC's while he went and argued
with them at that young age and he was
be saying what are you doing here what
is this what are you talking all
lip-service he was discussing and
talking to them but his parents were
perhaps frightened that these people
might kill him so they brought him to
India he came to India for wisdom and we
have lots of memories about him even the
king shall even I met him is described
in his book that he met a man in Kashmir
who was very saintly in he asked him
what's your name he said my name is ISA
see now imagine ISA e is the word used
in Vedas for the addition some Innsmouth
he said my name is ISA said from what
country you come he said I come from a
country which is foreign to me and this
is my country
so this India the Bharat the Hindustan
was the country of spirituality that's
for Christ's sake this is my old country
is clearly written that means Christ
recognized that this country our
spirituality is his own so we belong to
that country of spirituality and not to
the materialistic or to the mundane or
the baser type of life
in his lifetime which was so very short
whatever he has said every word is great
but as I told you that this fall tried
to completely change read it the Bible
and his faith put lots of things in
there whatever weakness is yes he has
put them nicely now recently I have got
a book which was hidden in a jar in
Egypt for about till 50 years they
discovered it and this book is called at
the library of Hammadi the place was
called homily where it was discourse and
what Christ has said what Thomas has
written when Thomas was coming to India
he put all these things there is very
interesting about drinking he said
drinking begets debauched is a bad word
to use and while Christians don't know
on the contrary think they think that
drinking is allowed in Christianity very
nicely was he mad to allow drinking
how can he allow drinking which goes
against your awareness and the basic
thing of Christ's life is morality he is
on the left side as you say from Shri
Ganesha and then he establishes himself
addict ugly but morality is the essence
of his life we endure into all kinds of
francis i mean if you go to the west
you'll be amazed what things they do
such an impurity such a horrible
destructive immorality
now it is for you to decide you have to
pull out all these people in your own
countries and you have to tell them
this is all nonsense in the name of
Christ in the name of God
so they another quality of Croatia is
shown in Christ's life is the devotion
to mother in that book they Mary is
telling them about knowledge but this
Paul objects to it when she says that
this is what you have to achieve when he
doesn't want to he is arguing with her
but then Thomas said that what Christ
has said on the cross behold the mother
she is the mother of Christ and how dare
he insult but just the opposite Paul
never respected women so he appointed
and he called her as just a woman no
respect for Mahalakshmi no respect so we
have to within ourselves see if we have
developed that purity of mind that
expresses through our eyes eyes have to
become innocent otherwise they have no
effect as sahaja Yogi's you have to have
the light of Christ in your own life he
was a young man who came on this earth
and how he did he had nothing to do with
Mary Magdalene II who was a prostitute
but he stood by truth and when people
started stoning her he stood up and said
those who have not committed any sin can
throw the stone at water strength
so not that only he was a pure
personality but purity also is expressed
in truth and his compassion and such
compassion he has experienced such
compassion I think our nation
coordinated transformation stagnation is
definitely very compassionate to people
who are worshipping Him but those who
goal against them he hits the heart he
doesn't spare they have to suffer 8 days
that everything comes but those who are
few people Shri Ganesha protects but
Christ is compassionate he forgives
because he believes that there could be
a transformation at the level of Shri
Ganesha he thinks is better that let
them be killed and be born again
because those so impure but Christ had
hopes that he can transform people they
could not they crucified what wonderful
people they must have been to crucify
Christ
brainless we should call them absolutely
without any understanding about
spirituality very insensitive to true
knowledge so far sahaja yoga only the
wise can follow it is not when for
stupid idiotic people nor it is meant
for very smart ones some people think a
very smart because they're successful in
life they can say some smart sentences
they can say something very
outstandingly very sharp start meant
for that price to set me in heart will
inherit the earth you have to be meat
you have to be wise with wisdom you will
become meek because then you will see
where are we into this great cosmos that
you will feel that you have entered into
this kingdom of God true for what how
how is it suddenly we got this blessing
how are we then when we start looking at
this we become meek but this is about it
is Christ as meek in heart there's a
very big word meek and people don't
understand me because in the West if you
are meek people say you are weak you
have to be aggressive so in dealing in
sahaja yoga the sweetness of natural
meekness not an artificial of a
businessman but a natural one that makes
you shine with your great great
spirituality so can we come to the
Kurama saying as Christ I said know
thyself first and foremost thing of
introspection is know thyself what you
are doing are you trying to look at
yourself or not he has also said that we
see a big beam into the eyes of others
then it's alright but the beam is in
your eyes and you start seeing the beam
in other size and that's the point is so
in your meditation you have to sit down
and first of all introspect for Christ
or Shri Ganesha please give me
to see myself and understand what's
wrong with and understand where do I
lack all the qualities of a good
searcher
just to meditate and you'll feel so
happy so choice because virtue within
you gives you joy
so introspection is very important
criticizing others should be less
criticizing yourself and laughing at
yourself visible I laugh at myself many
a times and say many things like that if
you have noticed it that makes life so
interesting that will kill your ego how
I am trying to assert myself and where
is the meekness that Christ has talked
about this is a natural goodness within
us once it shines and shows it becomes
so beautiful so loveable whether you are
sitting here and near me or there I know
who is that guy my heart just opens for
such a personality I know who they are
but even if I know I will never tell you
it is better that you know yourself know
thyself is his message in a real way not
with deception because you are deceiving
yourself whom are you deceiving know
thyself without any deception without
any lies with full concentration see
where is your attention going that's how
you are going to rise you are not going
to rise by seeing the defects of others
but you are going to rise only by seeing
your own difference
exactly this what Christ has said I'm
telling you in very very simple words
then he has said love thy neighbor as
thyself
which is a very very big thing to say
now is only possible in sahaja yoga
because you are collective you are also
collective so moral so beautiful no
complications nothing I'm so or joy to
see but to make it perfect
we should introspect we have to
celebrate because really such a great
amount of work was done by Christ
through your life you can express it
through the purity through the meekness
through the compassion and the wisdom
absolutely fearless was and that's why
you have to be fearless because you have
to be only afraid of God and nobody else
that's all and if you have done nothing
wrong there's nothing to be afraid of
God also because he loves so we
clear-cut about everything be
understanding you are all lovable people
no doubt but you should be such that you
can adorn yourself and love yourself
because of the virtues you may God bless
you
[Music]